

module_factory_small█Klein
module_factory_medium█Mittel
module_factory_large█Groß
module_factory_giga█Giga

---Engines---█---Triebwerke---

mdl_s_engine█Einfaches Triebwerk
mdl_a_engine█Fortgeschrittenes Triebwerk
mdl_a4_engine█4 Fortgeschrittene Triebwerke
mdl_a9_engine█9 Fortgeschrittene Triebwerke
mdl_m27_engine█37 Methan-Triebwerke


---FuelTanks---█---Kraftstofftanks---

mdl_s_fueltank█Kleiner Kraftstofftank
mdl_m_fueltank█Mittlerer Kraftstofftank
mdl_l_fueltank█Großer Kraftstofftank
mdl_vl_fueltank█Mega Kraftstofftank


---Computers---█---Computer---

mdl_s_computer█Kleiner Computer
mdl_a_computer█Fortgeschrittener Computer
mdl_chip_computer█Computerchip
mdl_sn_computer█Skynet-Computer
mdl_booster_connector█Booster-Verbindung
mdl_camera█Kamera
mdl_s_altitude█Höhenmesser
mdl_s_heat█Wärmefühler
mdl_s_battery█Kleine Batterie
mdl_a_battery█Große Batterie
mdl_a_antenna█Fortgeschrittene Antenne
mdl_s_antenna█Einfache Antenne
mdl_gps█GPS


---Fairings---█---Verkleidungen---

mdl_s_fairings█Kleine Verkleidung
mdl_m_fairings█Mittlere Verkleidung
mdl_l_fairings█Große Verkleidung
mdl_vc_fairings█Fahrzeug-Verbinder
mdl_fairingParachutes█Fallschirme für Verkleidungen


---Landing Stuff---█---Landungs-Zeug---

mdl_a_gridfins█Aluminium Grid Fins
mdl_t_gridfins█Titanium Grid Fins
mdl_m_landingLegs█Manuelle Landebeine
mdl_a_landingLegs█Automatische Landebeine


---Capsule Stuff---█---Kapsel-Zeug---

mdl_light_structure█Leichter Körper
mdl_heavy_structure█Schwerer Körper
mdl_a_escape_engines█Rettungstriebwerke
mdl_a_parachutes█Fortgeschrittene Fallschirme
mdl_s_parachutes█Einfache Fallschirme


---Spaceship Stuff---█---Raumschiff-Zeug---

mdl_methane_fueltank█Methan-Kraftstofftank
mdl_methane_engine█6 Methan-Triebwerke
mdl_stainlesssteel_structure█Körper aus Edelstahl

mdl_cargoUtility█Cargo Utility
mdl_crewUtility█Crew Utility
mdl_fuelUtility█Fuel Utility










