

module_factory_small█Mały
module_factory_medium█Średni
module_factory_large█Duży
module_factory_giga█Giga

---Engines---█---Engines---

mdl_s_engine█Prosty Silnik
mdl_a_engine█Zaawansowany Silnik
mdl_a4_engine█4 Zaawansowane Silniki
mdl_a9_engine█9 Zaawansowanych Silników
mdl_m27_engine█37 Metanowych Silników


---FuelTanks---█---FuelTanks---

mdl_s_fueltank█Mały Zbiornik Paliwa
mdl_m_fueltank█Średni Zbiornik Paliwa
mdl_l_fueltank█Duży Zbiornik Paliwa
mdl_vl_fueltank█Ogromny Zbiornik Paliwa


---Computers---█---Computers---

mdl_s_computer█Prosty Komputer
mdl_a_computer█Zaawansowany Komputer
mdl_chip_computer█Czip Komputerowy
mdl_sn_computer█Komputer Skynet
mdl_booster_connector█Booster Connector
mdl_camera█Kamera
mdl_s_altitude█Sensor Wysokości
mdl_s_heat█Sensor Ciepła
mdl_s_battery█Mała Bateria
mdl_a_battery█Zaawansowana Bateria
mdl_a_antenna█Zaawansowana Antena
mdl_s_antenna█Prosta Antena
mdl_gps█GPS


---Fairings---█---Fairings---

mdl_s_fairings█Małe Owiewki
mdl_m_fairings█Średnie Owiewki
mdl_l_fairings█Duże Owiewki
mdl_vc_fairings█Złącze Boosterów
mdl_fairingParachutes█Spadochron do Owiewek


---Landing Stuff---█---Landing Stuff---

mdl_a_gridfins█Aluminiowe Lotki
mdl_t_gridfins█Tytanowe Lotki
mdl_m_landingLegs█Ręczne Nogi
mdl_a_landingLegs█Automatyczne Nogi


---Capsule Stuff---█---Capsule Stuff---

mdl_light_structure█Lekka Konstrukcja
mdl_heavy_structure█Ciężka Konstrukcja
mdl_a_escape_engines█Zaawansowane Silniczki
mdl_a_parachutes█Zaawansowany Spadochron
mdl_s_parachutes█Prosty Spadochron


---Spaceship Stuff---█---Spaceship Stuff---

mdl_methane_fueltank█Zbiornik Metanu
mdl_methane_engine█6 Metanowych Silników
mdl_stainlesssteel_structure█Stalowa Konstrukcja

mdl_cargoUtility█Typ Towarowy
mdl_crewUtility█Typ Załogowy
mdl_fuelUtility█Typ Cysterny







