

module_factory_small█Small
module_factory_medium█Medium
module_factory_large█Large
module_factory_giga█Giga

---Engines---█---Motores---

mdl_s_engine█Simple Engine
mdl_a_engine█Advanced Engine
mdl_a4_engine█4 Advanced Engines
mdl_a9_engine█9 Advanced Engines
mdl_m27_engine█37 Methane Engines


---FuelTanks---█---Tanques de combustible---

mdl_s_fueltank█Small Fuel Tank
mdl_m_fueltank█Medium Fuel Tank
mdl_l_fueltank█Large Fuel Tank
mdl_vl_fueltank█Super Fuel Tank


---Computers---█---Computadoras---

mdl_s_computer█Simple Computer
mdl_a_computer█Advanced Computer
mdl_chip_computer█Computer Chip
mdl_sn_computer█Skynet Computer
mdl_booster_connector█Booster Connector
mdl_camera█Camera
mdl_s_altitude█Altitude Sensor
mdl_s_heat█Heat Sensor
mdl_s_battery█Small Battery
mdl_a_battery█Large Battery
mdl_a_antenna█Advanced Antenna
mdl_s_antenna█Simple Antenna
mdl_gps█GPS


---Fairings---█---Carenados---

mdl_s_fairings█Small Fairing
mdl_m_fairings█Medium Fairing
mdl_l_fairings█Large Fairing
mdl_vc_fairings█Vehicle Connector
mdl_fairingParachutes█Fairing Parachutes


---Landing Stuff---█---Material de aterrizaje---

mdl_a_gridfins█Aluminium Grid Fins
mdl_t_gridfins█Titanium Grid Fins
mdl_m_landingLegs█Manual Landing Legs
mdl_a_landingLegs█Automatic Landing Legs


---Capsule Stuff---█---Material para cápsulas---

mdl_light_structure█Light Body
mdl_heavy_structure█Heavy Body
mdl_a_escape_engines█Escape Engines
mdl_a_parachutes█Advanced Parachutes
mdl_s_parachutes█Simple Parachutes


---Spaceship Stuff---█---Material de nave espacial---

mdl_methane_fueltank█Methane Fuel Tank
mdl_methane_engine█6 Methane Engines
mdl_stainlesssteel_structure█Stainless Steel Body

mdl_cargoUtility█Cargo Utility
mdl_crewUtility█Crew Utility
mdl_fuelUtility█Fuel Utility









